Hello everyone, welcome back to EnglishPod. My name is Marco and I'm Erica and today we're at a wedding ceremony
All right, nice. Another nice wedding. Yeah, but of course it wouldn't be EnglishPod unless we have something unexpected happening at this wedding
Okay, so we're gonna be talking about hands. Oh, but Markle, what is there to say about a hand? Well as you may or may not know each finger has a name on your hand
Okay, so we're gonna learn how we're so we're gonna learn what those names are in English perfect and
Also, we're gonna learn about some common phrases that you might hear in an English wedding
exactly because I think
Exactly because usually it's old English. Maybe English that's not used anymore. All right. Well, I'm excited to find out what this unexpected event is
So let's listen to our dialogue for the first time
The ring, please. May this ring be blessed. So he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace
and continue in love until lives end. With this ring, I be wet. Where it is a symbol of our love and commitment
Honey, that's my pinky. The ring goes on the ring finger. Is one? That's my index finger. No right. This one right?
That's the thumb, Nick. Okay, I got it. This is the ring finger. That's my middle finger neck. This is my ring finger
All right, embarrassing moments for the groom. Yes. Confusing the fingers in front of all his friends and family. Not good. So I mentioned before that
We're gonna learn the names of each finger in your hand. So let's get started. Let's take a look at these in language takeaway
Language takeaway
All right, well, why don't we start with the smallest finger on your hand the smallest finger on your hand
That's called the pinky pinky pinky. Sometimes people call it the little finger. Yes, right? Yep. So the pinky and the next finger
Is the one the groom couldn't find okay the ring finger the ring finger. So this is of course like the name says
Where the wedding ring is usually placed exactly. Yep. Now the next one is a controversial finger
That must be the middle finger. Okay easy middle finger. So why is it controversial? Well, you know, if you put your middle finger up
And you like you're doing right now, honey. Sorry, Mark, go do it this way and all other fingers down
You are making a very rude gesture. It's a rude sign. So what would you call that? I would call that
Giving the middle finger giving the middle finger or I've also heard the phrase flip someone off. Yes or also flip the bird flip the bird
Exactly or give him the bird. Yes, so all phrases that you can use when you are showing only your middle finger
It's not very polite. No, don't do it. Don't do it unless somebody deserves it. I guess
We won't talk about that, but what we will talk about is the next finger the index finger the index finger
index finger. So this is the finger you use to point right yep the index finger any idea why they call it the index finger
Because when you're looking through the index of a book you always use this finger right I I think you also use this finger to pass
Pages on a book, right? Yeah, okay, don't believe anything. I just don't know
Well, we're not sure maybe you guys know the real answer to this all right and our last finger the most important one the thumb
THU and B the thumb
Okay, so that's the short but fat finger the the very movable one the move and don't that you use to play
PlayStation video games. Yeah, okay, so the pronunciation here. Do you say the B at the end of this word?
No, I will actually only pronounce the M the thumb the thumb yeah, you wouldn't say the thumb no
Okay, so now that we're clear on all five fingers. Let's listen to our dialogue again
And then we'll come back and talk about these difficult phrases that the priest used
The rings please
May this ring be blessed, so he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace and continue in love
until life's end
With this ring I be wet
Where it is a symbol of our love and commitment honey?
That's my pinky the ring goes on the ring finger
That's one that's my index finger. No, right this one right
That's the thumb neck. Okay, I got it. This is the ring finger. That's my middle finger neck. This is my ring finger
Well, this is really common wedding
Speak is in it. Yeah, it's really common. That's what usually the priest or the person who is marrying somebody would say
Well, why don't we look at some of these phrases now because it's really interesting to talk about their meaning
So the first one may this ring be blessed
May this ring be blessed. May this ring be blessed. So what does it mean when you bless something or someone?
Well, usually the the religious leader does this right and he's giving good wishes to that thing
Could be for an object or to a person, right? Yes, you can be blessed. Yeah, and so these good wishes usually come from God
Okay, great. So what about our next phrase abide in peace abide in peace?
Wow, so this verb abide it means to live to live to be to be in peace. Yeah, but it's very fancy
I don't know if you use it anymore. No, I think you would you would never use this word in conversation or even very rarely in writing
It's quite old. Yes, definitely. I would agree. So abide in peace
Okay, what about our next phrase? I like this and it's the common phrase you'll hear in all movies and in all marriages
With this ring. I the wed with this ring. I the wed with this ring. I the wed. Okay, we've got two words in here that are also older English words. So
the the
T-h
E-e
T-e
V
So this is an this is a middle English term for you you. Yes, so I would can I say I love the you could that would be very romantic
Also inappropriate for the office, but it's very olding. I guess you would if you're reading Shakespeare
You would definitely come upon this, right? Yes, and what about wed? This is also an old
word for an old verb for the action of marrying someone. So I can say we will be wed next year
But don't say that now because you'll sound quite silly
Yeah, it's too old-fashioned. Yeah, I guess so, but it's good to know if especially if you guys are reading something
A little bit more classical or you plan to get married to an English person
All right, and our last phrase
Where it as a symbol of our love and commitment where it as a symbol of our love and commitment? So now he's referring to the rings, right?
Where the ring has a symbol a sign a representation. Yes, of love and commitment. So why would you wear a ring as a
Symbol of something? Well, obviously, you know love you can't see it you can't touch it, right?
So you need something to show you that it's there. So you need a sign of that love. Something that you can see.
So that's what the ring represents. Yeah, but how about this word commitment? The commitment is a strong promise.
So you promise to love that person to take care of them. Yes, and yeah, okay great. So now we are a little bit more familiar
with some of the language you hear in a wedding ceremony, and we also know all of the names of the fingers. Exactly.
So why don't we listen to the dialogue one more time to hear these all in context?
The ring, please. Made this ring be blessed. So he who gives it, and she who wears it,
may abide in peace, and continue in love until lives end. With this ring, I be wet.
Where it is a symbol of our love and commitment? Honey, that's my pinky. The ring goes on the ring finger.
So what? That's my index finger. No right, this one right. Let's the thumb make.
Okay, I got it. This is the ring finger. That's my middle finger neck. This is my ring finger.
All right, so now it's perfectly clear and a romantic dialogue in the end. Yeah, very romantic.
Although a little bit embarrassing. Yeah. So what about wedding rings? Now we have different types
of rings, right? We have the wedding ring, the one that that we just heard. Yeah, but we also have an
engagement ring. Yes, yeah. In most English speaking countries, the woman is very, very lucky
because she gets too ring. Right. So when the man asks her to marry him, he gives her a diamond.
A diamond ring that is usually that's the engagement ring. And it's it's really, really
important that he does this. And it's also really important that he spends a lot of money on the
end of the diamond. Yeah, I know about this. Diamonds are forever. Yes. And the tradition is you must
spend at least one month salary. Wow. Yes, I said it. Yeah. So the girl gets an diamond engagement ring.
And then on wedding day, she gets the wedding ring. Yes. And usually, will she wear both of them?
Yeah, she'll always wear both of them. So the engagement ring goes closest to you and then the wedding ring
on top. And the engagement ring, it represents the commitment to marry her. So the commitment
from the man to marry her. Okay, so that it's a symbol that they will get married. Yes, it's a symbol
of the promise. Now what happens if they break up and they don't get married? Does he get the ring back?
I don't know. Okay, here's the rule. If he was a jerk, no. But if it was sort of like a happy
breakup, then okay. Okay. I guess it's a big risk, right? All right. So that's all for today. Guys,
let us know if you guys have any interesting wedding stories. I know that sometimes weddings can be
embarrassing. People, I don't know, objecting. Maybe I've seen the groom faint. Or even fall in a pool.
Fall in a pool. So if you have any stories, please share them with us. Come to EnglishPod.com.
And also, if you have any questions or doubts, Eric and I are always there to answer them.
Well, thanks for listening to this lesson, everyone. And until next time, goodbye.